one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro - arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan .
it is the main gateway to mecca , islam 's holy city , which could be used to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows an especially eventful day in the life of a neurosurgeon .
the spider , the the character , spun a black cord and , attaching it to the ball , , away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died on january 13th 888 in gpe@1 , gpe@2 , aged date@3 .
they are culturally like the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the since since medal has also been presented with the since since award to the value of # 5000 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the following -lrb- a tiny drum that makes almost no sound -rrb- and tend to have more elaborate -- theatre -- choreography .
the spacecraft is named after the italian - french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini .
alessandro mazzola -lrb- born 8 november 1942 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
he studied at wheaton college .
the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party , as is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu - withdrawal .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century , with european settlement .
in 1987 , wexler was added into the rock and roll hall of fame .
in the pure form , in occurs as a white powder .
admission to tsinghua is extremely competitive .
today nrc is organised as an independent , private foundation .
it encloses the city of stralsund .
he was named 1982 he sportsman of the year '' by sports illustrated .
fives is a british sport that is believed to come from the same name as many racquet sports .
for example , king bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday throughout thailand will be decorated with yellow color .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .
however , tagore made many styles , including northern from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada -lrb- british columbia -rrb- , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series .
perry saturn -lrb- with terri -rrb- defeated eddie guerrero -lrb- with chyna -rrb- to win the wwf european championship -lrb- perry saturn -lrb- with -rrb- .
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was discovered in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories called the ribbajack & other he he and seven strange and he tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as an stretched object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to kill him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south - east corner of western australia , between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna , do not follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration small pieces of coloured and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and colored , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other cities are rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark , in an effort to stop drek .
it is not actually a true louse .
he also works towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline .
it is theoretically possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
working group i : working group scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little the and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number - name combinations overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on september 30 , wind shear began to increase the weakening trend of the storm .
each entry has a datum -lrb- a each of data -rrb- which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must adhere to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book written by brian jacques in 1991 .
ryan prosser -lrb- born 10 july , 1988 in gpe@1 , gpe@2 -rrb- is a rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
it has four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their grandson pierre joliot is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- promotion .
giardia with -lrb- synonymous with lamblia with and giardia with -rrb- is a protozoan parasite that lives in the small intestine , causing -lrb- .
he has often worked in christian - themed productions , among them the post - cameron movies left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron post buck rapture .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river .
after graduation he went to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he was appointed artistic director of the armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew , namely - and the gospel of matthew , specifically - .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and weelkes behaviour .
so far the ' celebrity ' episodes have included vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ` grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is a member of another jungiery band 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , also known as hippolytus , is a christian the apostolic tradition .
in return , rollo changed to charles , converted to christianity , and undertook to defend the northern region of france against the , of other viking groups .
it is derived from voice of america -lrb- it -rrb- special english .
disney received a full - size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
it is the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 -lrb- 1,048,576 bytes is seen as 1 mb -lrb- megabyte -rrb- instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of many reports as to ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more they or may put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons have strong seventh seventh seventh -lrb- specific magical abilities -rrb- , and seventh sons of seventh sons are both extraordinarily rare and powerful .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software shows the 2009 version 's 52 second installed time , 32 second benchmarking time , and 7 mb memory benchmarking .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy .
historically , the sensations of of and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that independent has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein - rich mucus , which both tongue movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate in gpe@1 .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers , outside the ground .
take the square root of the variance .
they also helped the band to be ready to help the people who were ready to help the stadium .
vouvray - sur - vouvray is a commune .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , converting it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congestion as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not normally dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , and users connected with wikipedia , in any way anyone , can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover -lrb- who eventually became george i of great britain -rrb- .
their eyes are quite small .
they are they as biological materials in tough only by chitin .
oregano is a kind of ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be tickets for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method is the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the sheer weight of the continental the sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , 89,148 people lived there .
aliteracy -lrb- sometimes spelled aliteracy -rrb- is the state of being able to read but being not happy in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic compound .
it will then move into the river to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .
today , landis ' father has become a supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after attaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the minimum price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure -lrb- 1911 -rrb- , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in london .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria - style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to the newly captured region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the trevi of perugia .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation moved of convection , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the members are flynn -lrb- vocals , guitar , phil demmel -lrb- guitar , and dave mcclain .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim - majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are like pete and dud .
johan was also the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state and was victorious .
in 1990 , mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first - place vote .
he sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he the says that law , and accidentally starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their prematurely migration , and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
before the storm , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess in which each competitor has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
the storm moved to the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner tends to be unaware , these computers are because compared to the walkers .
the wave traveled across the atlantic , and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the for of the associated press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 -lrb- see also the gospel according to the hebrews -rrb- .
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half is the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
unlike the clouds on earth , the however clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
they are limited until they reach legal adulthood .
it is rare , but there are often development development which are stable enough to use .
in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the finally city of his destiny ' .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks demolished two of rostov 's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral -lrb- 1908 -rrb- and st george cathedral in , -lrb- 1979 - 1807 -rrb- .
he died on may 29 in madrid , spain .
it was demonstrated in the miller - urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
chp -lrb- also combined heat and power , chp -rrb- is the use of a heat engine .
the male on den master on will also allow a second male into the den .
a wikipedia a is a javascript and / or a css a that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
this is a useful links to the involvement of the involvement of the involvement .
he was the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948 .
she was left behind -lrb- she -rrb- when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
he was an organist from gpe@1 .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award .
the esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone .
calvin baker is an american novelist .
person@4 date@3 – 2 april 1945 -rrb- was a norp@1 companion and a friend of adolf hitler .
each version of the license is given a distinguishing version number .
most irc servers do not need users to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest that same year airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- is an upcoming professional wrestling pay - per - view event produced by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- .
he is also seen as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an org@1 of the southern usually .
a few animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments , either in -lrb- a , animals hare -rrb- or far more rapidly with chromatophores in their either -lrb- the cephalopod family -rrb- .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental .
this closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interface .
his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director at yale .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states .
naas is a major naas dublin suburb '' town .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes protruding from the neck and shoulder area , along the spine .
origin irmo was established on christmas eve in 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
however , bills proposed by the law commission , and fiscal bills , start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the for of wallachia , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
it is a passage of up to 25 words as a front - cover text .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is a tissue found in the hollow inside of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red .
monteux is a commune .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to he the bomb .
this was done when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod did the final movement 's orchestration with advice from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holy cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad was called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat .
however travel through very remote areas , it needs advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle -lrb- usually a four wheel drive -rrb- .
he was the chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he and dr. schön leave .
britpop emerged from the british independent music scene of the early 1990s .
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two tunnel lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,772 .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are quite long and rich in content while others are shorter -lrb- possibly some -rrb- and of lesser quality .
there are about 95 species .
eugowra is said to be named after the indigenous australian word meaning eugowra the place where the sand washes down the hill eugowra .
terms such as terms terms terms for underwear and terms movie terms for terms moving picture terms are often in english .
jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to reduce resources to best serve the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , viola to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's he .
the capital is aracaju .
farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
he was created in a style of vorkapich .
the lawyer , brandon -lrb- waise lee -rrb- , became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1 - isbn - 14 - 3 is an historic township in the central west of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
he joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
the mountain was found in california , europe and china .
before the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the text 2 features read to display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page - refreshing , a text - to - speech option to read the text fetch , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches -lrb- 9.1 millimeters -rrb- .
yoghurt is a type of milk that is made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy - five goalies are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries -lrb- see below -rrb- , but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald 's '' wendy 's shows tim hortons wide by march company , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 , and system - wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald 's canadian operations as of 2002 .
the main character is caleb holt -lrb- kirk cameron -rrb- .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 .
the plant is considered a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first wrote the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were suppressed .
offenbach 's operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were very popular in both france and the english - speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang to an -lrb- modern - day tiles -rrb- .
jeanne marie - madeleine demessieux -lrb- born date@2 in gpe@1 , gpe@2 -rrb- was a french organist , pianist , composer , and educator .
by most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
the earliest church in assisi is santa maria maggiore -lrb- st. mary .
characteristics radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron - nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal .
he was appointed work_of_art@1 in 1988 .
loèche harbours the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a a is a small room in the ground .
she was among the first doctors to be used to cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she vowed to never renounce the commune , and defiantly the judges to sentence her to death .
oel manga series graystripe 's trilogy there is a three volume original english - language manga series after graystripe .
samovar & porter -lrb- 1994 -rrb- , p . 84 syrians did not live in cities enclaves .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
she had pneumonia 4 - 5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a during cyst .
dr. david lindenmeyer -lrb- date@1 -rrb- has argued that the need for nest boxes shows that the need for nest boxes shows that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserve hollow - dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are an ice hockey team in the montreal canadiens of org@2 .
small can also be built on circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term originally was originally given to the wood - boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria gribble .
the wounds caused by a club are generally known as the or blunt - force trauma injuries .
the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has been a quadruple axel in competition .
the telephone exchange was the service of all military installations on the harbour .
however , even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .
the the is the the of the region .
human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink .
the official incorporation of the bank was given from the ford foundation .
bremer said that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
on date@2 , the professional hockey writers ' association voted for the all - star team .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 .
some of the design of the design include key - dependent s - boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve -lrb- born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana -rrb- is a rugby union back - rower for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other settlements include pont - bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was proposed by physicists murray gell - mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by the italian renaissance painter sandro botticelli , c . 1482 .
the capital of the province is sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also sometimes used .
the name is now a television channel for a related spin - off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
at four - and - a - half years old he was left to look for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and seagoing through towns with groups of other homeless children .
the ground was added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
a town may be described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market , provided the right to do so still exists .
a stronghold on the eastern approaches was built later .
olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
others have thought that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this resulted in both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup use and only with good reason .
schuschnigg responded to report about riots .
addiscombe is a suburb of the london borough of croydon , england .
the term is not used to citizens who elected the politician .
he is a member of institute of european history in mainz .
stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
the crew made a trailer with a trailer arm attached to the trailer hovercraft trailer and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a the the of employment and the theory by phelps et al .
wario land the wario land series is a series of series of series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a frédéric chopin for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has said that that it was quinine 's effect that gave colonists to get out into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa '' .
spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which indicate rather a stony surface composition .
she was the editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar to the moon : it is appearance with regions of smooth plains , has no moons and no large atmosphere .
geography is in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
these provide excellent habitat for these , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors coming from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she keeps the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's bravery , and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he demonstrates , and compassion .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan - carl raspe and holger meins were on after a long shootout in frankfurt .
they formed new music manchester , a group committed to contemporary music .
the compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's it -lrb- tomb - shrine -rrb- .
the collapse of the main church has been restored entirely .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to be the second american woman to be the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in the gpe@5 state of massachusetts .
forty - nine species of forty - nine and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 km -lrb- 186 miles -rrb- east of puerto rico .
therefore can not be distributed without more manipulation if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery while in the company of frank gardiner .
heavy rain fell across parts of britain on october 5 , causing localized accumulation of flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb version to create a live usb , where the user 's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party -lrb- fdp -rrb- : 2 members , social democratic party -lrb- sp -rrb- : 2 members , social democratic party -lrb- sp -rrb- : 2 members , and swiss people 's party -lrb- svp -rrb- : 1 member .
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services , especially the a paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state 's library system is a library in the columbus campus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the rule of norway , but scotland was able to developments a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included from by the way from , from the zephyr song '' , from ca n't stop '' , from singles singles and from from speaking the .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software license .
the body color varies from medium brown to gold - ish to beige - white .
the britannica was mainly a scottish enterprise , as the by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended south as jose intensified , before being canceled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune said that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 , on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by provided .
that is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he he from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the - midget - in - a - cake the appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video for the charity equality fray , joss whedon confirmed that in fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a fictional character .
the sat the test -lrb- formerly the the test and the assessment test -rrb- is a test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy civil the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , civil songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports read that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sent to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been '' in search of love in those days '' when he first met sebastian , finding '' that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden '' , a metaphor that tells the work on a number of levels .
her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either in or grow off that side of an animal .
the term be protein '' itself was coined by berzelius , after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same formula and might be composed of a single type of -lrb- very large -rrb- molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture .
barneville - la - bertran is a commune .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central before line passed along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to it .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
it is the largest sub - region in mesoamerica .
google made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
the college is a anyone with the college .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 , but had limited classroom adoption .
he toured with the in in the spring of 1990 for their first ever ever in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad .
the grand army wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , surrenders napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and causing 10,000 casualties on the general .
it has long been the economic center of northern nigeria .
most of south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages -- kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand - off , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were built on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , hill auditorium , large hospital and library complexes , and two residence halls .
winchester is a city of illinois in gpe@4 .
name ending seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name .
org@1 was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
it was broadcast on the abc network from its ordinal@1 on september 21 , 1993 to march 1 , 2005 .
it can then be designed and used in less the environments .
gimnasia hired francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but both had limited success .
brighton is a city in the gpe@5 state of iowa .
she appeared in several music videos , including furthermore it girl furthermore by john oates and furthermore just lose it furthermore by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , glinde received its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs. donkey kong 2 : march of the the in 2006 , although the character is now described as vs. mario 's friend march of the .
the vagina is very elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
his real date of birth was never recorded .
this measure means how much of a particular drug or other substance -lrb- inhibitor -rrb- is needed to inhibit a given biological process -lrb- or part of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or enzyme -rrb- by half .
the name suggests that they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern .
there he had one daughter , person@3 , to ann -lrb- e -rrb- power .
edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes .
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he played fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
